	However, just as soon as you send the quitting letter, you receive an anonymous letter in your public mailbox telling you not to quit the job.
	With doubt you retrieve the letter in company's COMM system.
	Then you receive a letter from the manager. 
	As the previous letter predicts, the manager tells you he is satisfied with your work and decides to ask you to infiltrate the MATIC, which is the TAK's competitor for a long time.
	You reply the letter to accept the offer. 
	With excitement, you now realize that this all could be brought by Pluto, but who is he? You want to ask him, but he seems to know what you want.
	You may try but fail. Then you receive the information about your MATIC account.
	You return to your adapter and refresh the status and log in the MACO system. However, instead of receiving email from Echo, you are warmly welcomed by the "new" manager, Split. 
	You return to your adapter and log in the COMM system. And you receive a letter from Fizz. 
	But without any hints and suggestions, you are confused: how is it supposed for you to guess Split's password? You try to guess Split's password anyway, and after ten times of failure, you get a message from your adapter that the account of Split is temporarily locked.

	You log in your MATIC account, and find yourself receive a new letter from Echo.
	You are happy to finally contact with Echo and are excited about new task. However, having no idea where to start and how to crack the password, you are puzzled and do not know what to do. And Split seems to have recovered his account and sends you an email to ask you to attend a group chat. 
	You are glad that Split does not suspect you. And you think it is better to attend the group chat and then think about the way to get the password. After entering the chat room, you realize that it is just a short meeting and you are simply not allowed to chat because of your identity. The chat has already begun for a few minutes and you seem to have missed something important.
	You seem to have acquired some information about TAK that you know nothing about, but you feel a bit excited because you also seem to get some intelligence that MATIC too is spying on your origin company. You are going to tell this to Fizz. However, you receive a letter from Pluto.
	With the last successful prediction, you think it is a good idea to believe Pluto. But you still log in the COMM to see if there is any new objective. And you find another new letter. 
	And you reply the letter without mentioning anything you learned in the group chat. 
	You are kind of glad that Echo was unable to contact TAK so that you can say whatever you want to say without worrying about it. Now you start to consider the way you can follow Echo's instruction to hack into Jason's account to disable the surveillance over Echo so both of you can keep spying. Having no idea what to do, you log in MATIC system to see if there is anyone you can ask for help. And surprisingly, you receive a letter from Tyler, an officer in the Department of Security. He told you to change your password immediately. 
	You find the received file in your directory. The hint says your password in a nerdy way. 
	It is not a difficult task for such a genius like you, and you got the decimal value is
		(55 + 6765) * (8191 - 1024) = 48878940,
	And the hexadecimal value is 2E9D55C.
	You log in the MATIC system again, and receive another letter from Tyler.
	What's in the letter is a bit informative. Is the password of Jason's account his birthday? But you can by no means get his exact birthday because you are not familiar with him at all. Then you think about hacking into Split's account and then finding if there is any letter indicating Jason's birthday. However, you do not know anything about Split, either. As you are trying to guess Split's password, you receive a letter from Pluto.
	Although Pluto does not explicitly tell you what Split's birthday, you know what it is (June, 11th). And considering the fact that Pluto mentioned that Split is a British, the password should be 1106. It is correct. After checking his email box, you found Split careless and sloppy when you have to wade through piles of spam mail to find what you really need. And after going through all the mails, you found one particularly informative. 
	Although Jason seems to have mentioned something important, but you still know nothing personal about Jason. To acquire more information, you downloaded the file in the attachment. You hope to find something in the file or website. But when you open the file, you find it is designed for a company. However, when you look at its source code, you find something really useful. At the head of the source code is the date when the file is created, and Jason commented by the side that "My baby is ten days old today." It is Jan. 4th. 
	You successfully log in to Jason's account using the password 20110104. And you find the surveillance system under Jason's control menu. However, when you try to disable the surveillance system for Echo, you did not know Echo's exact ID number. Finally, you decided to disable the entire surveillance system.
	As soon as you disable the entire surveillance system, you received the letter from Echo.
	Since Echo does not know his ID number either, you think it may be a good choice to follow his advice. You return to Jason's account and re-enable the system again, and you tried to read the log file. You found that the ID number of Echo is 537029334971829573378924715890 (30 digits). You disable the surveillance system for this ID.
	You sign out and log in using your "real" name, and receive another letter from Echo.
	You follow what Echo tells you to do: 
	537029334971829573378924715890 * 23 = 12351674704352080187715268465470
	After reversing, the number is 07456486251778108025340747615321.
	The first 30 digit is 074564862517781080253407476153.
	You enable the surveillance system for this ID. After all is done, you go back and check your own mailbox, and find a letter new from Jason.
	To infiltrate TAK while you are a spy in MATIC? You think it is a bit amusing to be a double agent. But anyway, you decided to ask your boss in TAK first. You log in COMM system and send an email to Fizz to ask what you should do next. 
	Later you receive the reply from Fizz. Fizz says it is OK to be a double spy, and he applauds your work. 
	You sigh. But what Fizz told you reminds you of something talked about when you were still new to the company. In a group chat the first day you entered the company, Jason mentioned a mysterious transaction of great bulk. Is that piece of information faked? You don't know. However, you log in MACO system and tell Jason that you accept the job.
	Soon you receive the reply from Jason. It seems that he is happier than you that you join the group. 
	You log in MIA system and found the only available task for you is to crack a pair of account and password. You accept it and download the intelligence pack. 
	Then you think, well, I should ask Jason for more information about the plugin to access COMM system and elevated permission plugin instead of Fizz. You return to MACO system and write a letter to Jason.
	However, this letter is not sent successfully. You receive a letter from system that your letter is returned from server due to unknown error. 
	You are a bit confused. What happened? Why can't you send any email to others? As you are wondering your next action, surprisingly, you received a letter from Echo.
	After installing all the plugins, you try to log in Bandit's account again. You find Bandit is the manager of TAK's Department of New Resource, and you find the following mail particularly informative. 
	Then you decided to tell what you find to Fizz first before you do to Jason. However, you received a letter from Pluto. 
	Unfortunately, it is too late for Pluto to send this message to you. You have already installed all the plugins. You find that your COMM access plugin has been uninstalled so that you can only log in MACO system. However, when you log in, you find the information says "You are under surveillance system." All the command you have is to check your current status. 
	You are so confused because you are FOXTROT, not ECHO, but the screen clearly tells you that you are Echo. What's more, what does the OPERATOR means? Does that mean the one who put you under surveillance system? Is there something wrong with the server that caused such amusing problem? You log out and try to re-log in, hoping the server will be OK this time. However, you receive another letter from Pluto.
	You log in MACO system again and read your letters. You find the mail Jason first sent you which invited you to join MIA, and you find the names of its recipients a little informative. They are names like "Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, Delta ..." which reminds you of something. Then you find the mail Echo sent you about his "next ID," could that be YOUR ID number? With so many problems, you receive another letter from Pluto.
	Even though Pluto tries to comfort you, you are still worried about not being able to contact Fizz. You log in MACO and receive a letter from Jason. In the letter, Jason called you "Echo," and he told you something about the new intelligence needed to decrypt and new ways of encryption.
	Then you download the attachment and get a pile of messy codes. After decryption following the rules above, you get ten pieces of fragmented strings. Then you rearrange them, and get a complete letter that contains information far more important than you can ever imagine. 
	You find that account 21231 is faked and something important about 1384. If 21231 is faked, is that possible that agents from TAK will hack into surveillance system to help you out? However, it is just mere assumption. You submit your findings and wait for the reply. However, when you log out, you find your COMM access is recovered; you can access COMM now. Wondering what has happened, you find a new letter from Fizz. 
	You are more confused because what Fizz says in the letter does not make any sense at all ¨C you are right there under surveillance and all you have done is that you submitted your findings about intelligence. You have done nothing about helping others. Who did? Could that be Alpha? But why bothers sending you to surveillance system and using YOUR account to complete such a difficult task with calculated traps rather than doing so on his own? The more you think, the more you feel puzzled. Despite all the confusion, you try to log in MACO system. However, you receive the same warning that you are not allowed to log in because you do not have permission to do so. You log in COMM system again and find another letter from Fizz attached with what you want. 
	After installing the plugins, you try to log in Jason's and Split's account again. However, you find Split has changed his password while Jason still uses his old password (what a careless man). You read his letter carefully and find the mail from someone called Clyde catch your attention. This is a letter talking about private matters.
	It seems that this letter contains important personal information, so you think about resetting the password of Clyde's account. Then you find the questions are about the name of first teacher he ever met and the name of his son/daughter ¨C apparently from the letter you know that the answers are Joy and Selina. And when you log in his account, you read a letter that contains information that you have no idea that you can ever imagine. 
	What the hell is that "when they are sent back?"
	Am I part of "they" ?	Who am I ?
